feat: add jira-pre-commit hook (#5)
saritasa-nest/saritasa-pre-commit-hooks: README.md

Thiey are ignored because sometimes project's nginx config file may contain `include` directives to files without their real presence in the repo (these files are added as [nginx defaults](https://github.com/nginx/nginx/tree/master/conf) during installation) and can be ignored during pre-commit hook processing.

This is it!

> ### `check_jira_pre_commit`

Reviewer: Here should be the exact name of your pre-commit hook, i.e. `jira-pre-commit` in your case

Author: Changed

Prevent committing without Jira Task ID in the commit message.

- Fails the commit if no Jira Task ID (e.g., `JIRA-1234`) is found in the commit message.
- Allows merge commits (messages starting with `Merge `).

### Hook usage example

Example of what should be added to `.pre-commit-config.yaml`:

```yaml
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/saritasa-nest/saritasa-pre-commit-hooks

>     rev: 0.0.2

Reviewer: Don't forget to specify actual tag

    hooks:

>       - id: check_jira_pre_commit

Reviewer: Seems wrong too?

Author: Changed

        stages:
          - commit-msg
```

> #### Examples and messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Examples
```

Author: Changed

> Examples of a valid commit message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid commit message:
```

- `feat: add README.md JIRA-123`
- `chore: fix typo, JIRA-321`

> - `docs: add docs Task: JIRA-4321`

Reviewer: Pls check whether message like this will also work, pls add testcase for it too

```
New test feature

Task: JIRA-123
```

Author: Added

> Such commits will result in a pass of a hook and won't output any error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such commits will result in a passed pre-commit hook and don't output any error message.
```

> Examples of an invalid commit message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invalid commit message:
```

- `feat: add README.md`

> - `chore: fix typo, jira-321`

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't restrict JIRA task to upper case only, lowercase should be fine too if it is correctly processed by GH autolinks, pls check this one and add corresponding test if such behavior works fine

Author: I've checked autolinks and we have uppercase configured for Jira:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55bac072-7db8-4f9b-b070-8378dfecd169)

IMHO, we should stick to upper case only, since there could be too many "false positives" once we switch to processing lowercase too (e.g. a commit like 'feat: update docs in hugo-81' would pass as if it's a Jira task ID)

Reviewer: ok, agreed

- `docs: add docs Task: JIRA4321`

> Such commits will result in a fail of a hook and output an error message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such commits will result in a failed pre-commit hook and outputs below error message:
```

**Aborting commit. Your commit message is missing a Jira Task ID, i.e. JIRA-1234.**

> In a situation of `git merge`, where the commit message is generated in a `Merge branch test into main` manner, hook will skip such commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For commits generated by `git merge` command (like `Merge branch test into main`), hook ignores JIRA task absense and outputs below message:
```

Thiey are ignored because sometimes project's nginx config file may contain `include` directives to files without their real presence in the repo (these files are added as [nginx defaults](https://github.com/nginx/nginx/tree/master/conf) during installation) and can be ignored during pre-commit hook processing.

This is it!

### `jira_pre_commit`

Prevent committing without Jira Task ID in the commit message.

- Fails the commit if no Jira Task ID (e.g., `JIRA-1234`) is found in the commit message.

> - Allows merge commits (messages starting with `Merge `).

Reviewer: This line seems not actual now?

Author: Deleted

> - Provides possibility to exclude commits by regex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provides possibility to exclude commits by regex (i.e. to exclude `Merge ` commits)
```

### Hook usage example

Example of what should be added to `.pre-commit-config.yaml`:

```yaml
repos:
  - repo: https://github.com/saritasa-nest/saritasa-pre-commit-hooks
    rev: 0.0.2
    hooks:
      - id: jira_pre_commit

>         stages:

Reviewer: Add `exclusion` logic to example

Reviewer: And let's have a single example instead of 2 ones with and without excludes?

Author: Done

          - commit-msg
```

### Examples

#### Valid commit messages:

> - `feat: add README.md JIRA-123`

Reviewer: Add one empty line after headers everywhere

Author: Added

- `chore: fix typo, JIRA-321`
- `docs: add docs Task: JIRA-4321`
- ```
  feat: add tests for multi-line

  Task: JIRA-234
  ```

Such commits result in a passed pre-commit hook and don't output any error message.

> ---

Reviewer: Remove this `---`

Author: Removed

#### Invalid commit message:
- `feat: add README.md`
- `chore: fix typo, jira-321`
- `docs: add docs Task: JIRA4321`

Such commits result in a failed pre-commit hook and output below error message:

- **[ERROR] Aborting commit. Your commit message is missing a Jira Task ID, i.e. JIRA-1234.**

> ---

Reviewer: The same, clean up these `---` from docs, fix formatting if needed to not have it

This is it!

> ### `jira_pre_commit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `jira-pre-commit`
```
